The dog, inu, ichi ninsho, tansu no daimeishi, I, my, me, mine, sono yore, I am a dog, I have a master, my master is very kind to me, he takes me everywhere he goes, mine is the best of masters,
二人称、単数の代名詞、 You, your, you, yours, sono yore, You are a dog, you have a master, your master is very kind to you, he takes you everywhere he goes, yours is the best of masters,
三人称、単数、男性の代名詞、 He, his, him, his, sono yore, He is a dog, he has a master, his master is very kind to him, he takes him everywhere he goes, his is the best of masters,
同じく、三人称、単数、女性の代名詞、 She, her, her, hers, sono yore, She is a dog, she has a master, her master is very kind to her, he takes her everywhere he goes, hers is the best of masters,
同じく、三人称、単数、中性の代名詞、 It, its, its, its, sono yore, It is a dog, it has a master, its master is very kind to it, he takes it everywhere he goes, its is the best of masters,
一人称、複数の代名詞、 We, our, us, ours, sono yore, We are dogs, we have a master, our master is very kind to us, he takes us everywhere he goes, ours is the best of masters,
二人称、複数の代名詞は、 You, your, you, yours, de, 単数の時と同じ形です。
三人称、複数の代名詞、 They, their, them, theirs, sono yore, They are dogs, they have a master, their master is kind to them, he takes them everywhere he goes, theirs is the best of masters,
人称代名詞、 Personal pronouns, 日本語では、私、あなた、あなた方、というような言葉を使う場合、その言葉の語尾に、がの、にを、それぞれ必要に応じて、別に他から言い添えて、その言葉の関係を示しますが、
英語の代名詞では、がの、にをの区別が、言葉そのものの中に、はじめから含められて、取り外しのできないことになっております。